# Regular General Meeting June 5 2021

## Call to order

Mark Kraus called the meeting to order at 08:05 PDT (UTC-07:00)

## Attendees

* Adil Leghari
* Cory Knox
* Mathias Rørbo Jessen
* Mark Kraus
* Mike Lombardi
* Thomas Rayner
* Jawz84 (Non-voting observer)
* Josh King by proxy through Adil Leghari

A quorum was established.

## Regular business

### Review of minutes for the previous meeting

Cory provided an overview of the minutes for the previous meeting.
Minutes were amended in the open Pull Request.

Amended minutes accepted as presented.

### Agenda

Agenda amended to include a report from the naming committee.

Amended agenda accepted as presented.

### Reports

#### Naming committee

Naming committee met did some preliminary work to come up with a list of 5 names:

* Meow
* Seahorse
* Coral
* Bronze
* Lapis

It was agreed amongst the committee that names would stand in for variances as well eg: Seahorse vs C-horse, Coral vs Korallion.



### [Resolution 20210605-01](../resolutions/20210605-01.md)

Motion: 

Move to form a working group of at least 3 and no more than 5 foundation members (led by 1) to deliver:

- A mission/vision statement for the to-be-built language
- At least 5 and no more than 20 initial user stories to define target user base for the to-be-built language (ex: As a programmer I wish to write code in a language my ops folks on the help desk understand in order to increase our opportunities for collaboration)

The working group will be led by Thomas Rayner supported by Josh King, Mathias Rørbo Jessen.
Michael Lombardi and Mark Kraus volunteer conditionally on the premise that Joel Sallow and other non-present members do not wish to participate.
Determination of the 4th and 5th working group member will be determined asynchronously.

* Motioned by Thomas Rayner
* For: 7
* Opposed: 0
* Abstained: 0
* Motion Carried

## Adjourn meeting

Mark adjourned the meeting at 08:35 PDT (UTC-07:00)
